[AWS] [Lambda] Add Event Source Mapping metrics (#11907)
elastic/integrations: packages/aws/_dev/build/docs/lambda.md

The AWS Lambda integration collects one type of data: metrics.

**Metrics** give you insight into the state of AWS Lambda.
Metrics collected by the AWS Lambda integration include the number of times your function code is executed, the amount of time that your function code spends processing an event, the number of invocations that result in a function error, and more.

See more details in the [Metrics reference](#metrics-reference).

## Event Source Mapping Metrics

> This integration can also collect Event Source Mapping metrics. Event Source Mapping metrics track how your Lambda function processes records from event sources (like Amazon SQS, DynamoDB, or Kinesis). These metrics are collected when you set up an Event Source Mapping (trigger) for your Lambda function if you enable the __Enable metrics__ option. Enabling this feature incurs additional costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration can also collect Event Source Mapping (ESM) metrics, which track how your Lambda function processes records from event sources like Amazon SQS, DynamoDB, or Kinesis. 

To collect these metrics, you must:  
1. Enable Event Source Mapping for your Lambda function by following the steps outlined in the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/monitoring-metrics-types.html#event-source-mapping-metrics).  
2. Enable the configuration flag `Collect Event Source Mapping metrics`.  

**Note:** Enabling this feature may incur additional costs.
```

The AWS Lambda integration collects one type of data: metrics.

**Metrics** give you insight into the state of AWS Lambda.
Metrics collected by the AWS Lambda integration include the number of times your function code is executed, the amount of time that your function code spends processing an event, the number of invocations that result in a function error, and more.

See more details in the [Metrics reference](#metrics-reference).

## Event Source Mapping Metrics

This integration can also collect Event Source Mapping (ESM) metrics, which track how your Lambda function processes records from event sources like Amazon SQS, DynamoDB, or Kinesis. 

To collect these metrics, you must:  
1. Enable Event Source Mapping for your Lambda function by following the steps outlined in the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/monitoring-metrics-types.html#event-source-mapping-metrics).  
2. Enable the configuration flag `Collect Event Source Mapping metrics`.  

**Note:** Enabling this feature may incur additional costs.

Important notes:

> - Metrics are only available when your Event Source Mapping is active and __Enable metrics__ is selected.

Reviewer: Since we have already mentioned 
`2. Enable the configuration flag `Collect Event Source Mapping metrics`. the line `Metrics are only available when your Event Source Mapping is active and __Enable metrics__ is selected.` is a repetition and can be removed.

Can we merge the `**Note:** Enabling this feature may incur additional costs.` under `Important Notes` section ?
